---
layout: post
title: Recommitting
desc:
proj-url:
proj-num: 01
new: true
draft: false
---


tl;dr I re-organized this space to rediscover my enthusiasm to publish things. 

My relationship with Github Pages isn't new. Almost ten years ago, on Nov 26, 2011, I submitted my [first commit on this repo](https://github.com/maluta/maluta.github.com/commit/c3db1c9806961b5bc7f86cdc433e947d6603cf3e). 


Since then, I'm exploring this space for my personal "static storage" of web content. Additionally, I spent a lot of time playing with other authoring/publishing tools. So now, at least for me, I can state: I love Github + Jekyll's workflow and as a technologist,  using git seems the best design to register and upload knowledge. 

Today on this repo, I hold different types of information, but I can summarize what you'll find here: 

- A blog. It's Jekyll-based, and that covers a lot of content from previous years. Most are technical subjects from my years studying computer engineering (2005 - 2010) and include migrations from my earlier blog on WordPress.
- A myriad of individual (and chaotic) HTML pages, mainly to test new ideas, for example, a genealogical tree from my family made while learning how to use D3.js.


Although I'm not the exact person who made the first commit to building this repo ten years ago, the foundations that make me publish are still present.

One of the main differences is that my work isn't exclusively about technology. Instead, I'm fortunate to every day connect the dots, see and apply technology as a powerful tool to enable a better public education. This will, of course, reflect in my areas of interest.

But at a personal level, **I'm recommitting** to the foundations that drive me to publish. 

And for this (new) phase, I'm setting up some intentions:

1. Be constant: quantity is more desirable than quality
2. Be vulnerable to publish things out of my knowledge domain
3. Apply curiosity as a compass
4. Invest in compounding knowledge
	
Some plans I expect to develop: 

- Learn in public 
- Use writing as a tool to bond my knowledge
- Build and release things that include technology 

and I don't expect:

- Spend time finding out a system for publishing
- Be perfectionist 
- Make the same mistakes :) 
 

<hr>





 



 
